cleans up the flow of raising exceptions (#706)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: 01-ruby-fundamentals/raising-exceptions.md

Some examples of Ruby Exceptions is:
- `NameError`
- `NoMethodError`
- `ArgumentError`
- `RuntimeError`

### Exercise: Reading the Stack Trace

When an exception is generated, Ruby immediately leaves the current method and falls back to that method's caller and then that method's caller until the Exception is handled or it reaches the main program.

You may not appreciate it when your program crashes but as the exception unwinds through the calling methods it provides a _stack trace_ which is a list of the methods and line numbers encountered as the exception.

#### Practice with `NameError` Above

Consider this `NameError` in the example above:

1. What line of the program had an error, and raised an exception?
2. What kind of error was raised, and why?

<details>
  <summary>Curious for answers? Click here!</summary>

1. The program (`irb`) had an error on "line 1," indicated by the stack trace
2. It was a `NameError`, describing that it tried to find a variable or method with a certain name, but couldn't find anything with that exact name.

</details>

#### Practice with `place_order`

> Try reading this Ruby script, and then reading the stack trace that gets produced when this script runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste this Ruby script into a new file in VS Code. Read it, then run it and try decoding the stack trace that gets produced when this script runs.
```

end
```

This prevents our beautiful methods from being called with an invalid number of people when trying to divide the check.

### Why Raise Errors Ourselves?

Software development is normally a team sport.  In your career you will often write methods which will be used by other developers over the course of years.  In addition you may use a method you wrote **years** after you originally wrote it.  In such circumstances it can be easy to accidentally call a method with an invalid context.  By providing checks to ensure proper context, your methods are defensive, preventing misuse.  This can prevent more subtle and harder to debug applications.  In turn this can make your methods easier to use.

We may discover more and more patterns to use `raise`. Right now, know that it's an option that will help us out in the future.

## What to Look Forward To

Later in the curriculum we will learn:
  - How to write Ruby code that indicates what to do in case there's an exception (and not stop the program entirely)
  - How to create our own types of custom exceptions, to give us better detail and context for different problems

## Warnings are Not Exceptions

> Now that we have more to read in our Terminal, it's good to note that Warnings are not Exceptions or Errors. If you see a "Warning" in your Terminal but your code still runs, it's not the same as an Error or Exception halting your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have more to read in our Terminal, it's good to note that Warnings are not Exceptions or Errors. If you see a "Warning" in your Terminal but your code still runs, it's not the same as an Error or Exception halting your code.

Just because a Warning doesn't stop your program from running doesn't mean we can just ignore them! Warnings are a way for the people who make Ruby to let you know that you're doing something dangerous, or confusing, or to try and tell you that your code might be doing something that you didn't intend!
```
